Environments and Configuration
==============================

[environment/config](https://github.com/KLVTZ/Laracasts/tree/environment/config)

We can define environment variables easily within Laravel. To do so, we head on
over to our `app/routes.php` file to see what we serve as our default
environment. Our default environment can be displayed by calling:

```php
app()->environment or App::environment();
```

This will display whether we are in production or development mode. Obviously,
if we are situated inside a production mode, we do not want to display certain
information --such as a debug stack trace. We can turn off the debug mode for
production. To define which environment we like, we can define a default ternary
operator in whic we detect our environment inside the bootstrap start file. To
define the setting, we return a default value of environment, and if not
found, then return development as the environment

```php
$env = $app->detectEnvironment(function() {
	return getenv('ENV') ?: 'development';
});
```

We can then set out default values within our config file. Specifically, we can
define a development folder in our config file that, when defaulted to
development, could be referenced. A simple example is setting up one database
instance for development and another for production. We return an array of
settings within the file.

- app
  - config
    - development/database.php

We grab the file details by calling the config object, getting the database file
and its property by default. By default, since we are in development mode, will
return our custom db choice as our.

```php
Return dd(Config::get('database.default'))
```
