The IoC Container
=================
The *Inversion of Control container* is a powerful tool for managing class
dependencies. These dependencies allow the developer to easily bind an interface
to a concrete example and thus manage class dependencies. At it's most simple
term, it defines how our application should implement a class or interface. As
Taylor Otwell expressed: 

> "an IoC container is simply a convenience mechanism for
> achieving the software design pattern: dependency injection."

To demonstrate this, we will work with a small example and then jump into a
larger, more applicable, case.

We first create a class of `Foo`. That class will have protected instances that
will be instantiated in the constructor. Those instances will include two other
classes. We can then call `make` with that class of `Foo`. This will provide the
object of `Foo` along with the other two inner objects, `Bar` and `Baz`. This is
extremely powerful because Laravel is allowing us to inject dependencies without
having to manually code them in.

We can overwrite the `make` function with the bind call of `App`. We can also
create an instance of the `Foo` object with a new object of `Mock`. This will
make `Foo` an instance of `Mock`.

```php
<?php

class Foo {
	protected $bar;
	protected $baz;

	public function __construct(Bar $bar, Baz $baz)
	{
		$this->bar = $bar;
		$this->baz = $baz;
	}
}

class Bar {}

class Baz {}

class Mock {}

App::instance('Foo', new Mock);

Route::get('/', function()
{
	dd(App::make('Foo'));
});
```

Now let's move onto a more realistic case where IoC can apply. We have orders.
Orders in which are used by a controller and are registered as a resource for
multiple REST requests. That Orders Controller will have access to an Order
Repository interface that will give us the ability to call out our database and
make a request. Those requests are separated by name space into their own
respective files. As indicated in the use call, we are using the Acme Repository
Order Repository Interface. We then create an instance of that interface in a
similar fashion as we did in the first example. Next, within our function index
--which is registered within the Orders call-- we call the method to get all
our orders from the database. Now behind the scenes, much more is happening:

```php
<?php
use Acme\Repositories\OrderRepositoryInterface;

class OrdersController extends BaseController {

	protected $order;

	public function __construct(OrderRepositoryInterface $order)
	{
		$this->order = $order;
	}
	/**
	 * Display a listing of the resource.
	 *
	 * @return Response
	 */
	public function index()
	{
		dd($this->order->getAll());
		$orders = $this->order->getAll();
		return View::make('orders.index');
	}
```

Within our interface, we are using a name space of the Acme Repositories. We
provide an interface with the specified function to get all orders. This is an
abstract function, in that it does not contain any body code. We need to include
an implementation of such a contract.

```php
<?php namespace Acme\Repositories;

interface OrderRepositoryInterface {

	public function getAll();
}
```

In our implementation, we use the name space of the Acme Repository. We then
create a class that implements the Order Repository Interface.

```php
<?php namespace Acme\Repositories;

class DbOrderRepository implements OrderRepositoryInterface {
	public function getAll()
	{
		return 'Getting all from mySQL';
	}
}
```

Now this is all great. We have seperated our abstraction form our
implementation. However, Laravel doesn't know that there is a direct connection
with those files. We need to bind them together!

This is where the magic happens. Binding the interface with the implementation.
By providing the following one liner below, we do all this in one step. This is
powerful because we can bind multiple instances that implement our interface
class!

```php
App::bind('Acme\Repositories\OrderRepositoryInterface', 'Acme\Repositories\DbOrderRepository');

Route::resource('orders', 'OrdersController');
```

Don't forget to always register your PSR-0 namespaces!
```javascript
"psr-0": {
	"Acme": "app/"
}
```
